Update OpenPedCan-analysis README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md (#73)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Fork this repository to your own account: https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo
2. Treat `PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis` as an upstream repository.
You should follow these instructions for configuring a remote that points to an upstream repository here: https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork
3. When you want to make changes and ultimately file a pull request against the `dev` branch of this repository, you can start by making a branch from the `dev` branch of your fork named for the changes you intend to make. 
For example, you could name your branch `gene-expression-clustering` 
Then, [check out the new branch](https://gist.github.com/markSci5/5916003) (e.g., `gene-expression-clustering`).
Commit and push your changes to this branch. 
You will then be able to file a pull request from this branch: https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork
4. Once your pull request is approved and merged by the project maintainers, it's time to keep the `dev` branch of your fork up-to-date with the `dev` branch of this repository by following this process: https://help.github.com/en/articles/syncing-a-fork.

> Here's a typical series of steps for performing that:

Reviewer: Maybe we can add step 5 saying that the authors for the PRs should delete the remote branch that had been merged

Author: I agree. Could you add a suggestion for this purpose?

Reviewer: Sure! Let me know whether this seems correct. 

```suggestion
5. Once your pull request is merged by the project maintainer, please go to the repo, find the branch that the PR is based on, and delete the branch from the repo. 
Here's a typical series of steps for performing that:
```

Author: Thank you @runjin326 for the clear description! Will commit shortly.

```
# fetch the changes from the PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis repository
git fetch upstream

# checkout your own dev branch
git checkout dev

# merge the upstream/dev branch into your own dev branch
git merge upstream/dev

# push the changes to your dev branch to the remote repository
git push
```

You do not want to commit changes to your `dev` branch, any changes to your `dev` branch should come from the upstream `dev` branch.

> ### Size and composition of pull requests

Reviewer 2: Can you also add a recommended size of new PR as 400 lines of code, and if the PR will exceed, to break it down into smaller PRs - can refer to "stacked PRs" below.

Author: Sure. Will do.

```sh
git checkout -b new-analysis-first new-analysis

> git reset dev

Reviewer: I guess I have a question for my own clarification - do we want each staggered PR to only have the modifications of the codes in that particular PR? If that is the case, whenever we do modifications on the PR1, and if the results from PR1 would be carried over to PR2, how do we make sure the results are carried over? I guess a general guideline for how to do that would be helpful here as well.

Author: I think we want each staggered PR to have modifications in its prior staggered PRs, e.g. staggered PR part 3 should contain modifications in staggered PR part 1 and 2. Otherwise, a later part staggered PR may not be able to merge into the dev branch.

Ideally, PRs are evaluated and merged sequentially, i.e. PR 3 is not reviewed if PR 1 and 2 are not merged, as one major purpose of having staggered PRs is to isolate reviews for efficiency. This way, merging modifications may not be too complicated.

Practically, I think the reviewers and developers may need to work together to complete the review of multiple staggered PRs, so merging modifications may be carefully evaluated on a case-by-cases basis.

Author: I can imagine there are cases PR 3 requires changes in PR 1 and PR 2, but I think it is more efficient to handle it in PR 3 rather than leaving PR 1 and 2 open for changes. Any thoughts? @runjin326

Reviewer: Gotcha! Thanks for the clarification. It makes sense!

Reviewer: Oh yes didn't see your other comment - yes I think in those cases when we realize in PR3 that we need to change PR1 and PR2, we can handle that in PR3 - instead of changing from PR1 and then carry all the way over to PR3 again (while leaving PR1 and PR2 open)

## Peer review

> All pull requests will undergo peer review. The review intends to ensure that a pull request conforms to the following basic quirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All pull requests will undergo peer review. The review intends to ensure that a pull request conforms to the following basic requirements.
```

Author: Thank you for catching the typo!

- The code is correct.
- The results can be reproduced in a reasonable amount of time.
- The results are expected.
- The documentation describes the purpose, methods, results, input, output, and how to run the code.
- The code follows basic style guidelines.
- The code contains comments that explain non-obvious procedures.

Participants in this project should review pull requests, which can be done using [GitHub's review interface](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-reviews/ "GitHub: about pull request reviews"). Following are the basic guidelines for reviewing pull requests:

- Note the type of review you performed: did you look over the source code, did you look over the documentation, did you run the source code, did you look at and interpret the results or a combination of these?

> - Suggest modifications or, potentially, directly edit the pull request to make suggested changes, so that the pull request conforms to the aforementioned basic requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Suggest modifications or, potentially, directly suggest, _but do not commit changes to_, the pull request, so that the pull request conforms to the aforementioned basic requirements.
```

> - Explain in **details** why the suggested modifications are **necessary**, and how the modifications should be implemented specifically, so that the developers are able to follow the suggestions without misunderstanding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Explain in **detail** why the suggested modifications are **necessary**, and how the modifications should be implemented specifically, so that the developers are able to follow the suggestions without misunderstanding.
```

> - If the suggested modifications are extensive refactoring or re-designing without any change on the code behaviors, results or run-time, consider submitting a new issue for the refactoring or re-designing, and discussing the priority and specific implementations in the new issue, after the pull request under review is merged, so that the pull request under review will not be kept open for lengthy discussions and commits on extensive refactoring or re-designing that are out of the scope of the original pull request addressed issue.

Reviewer 2: 👏

## Peer review

All pull requests will undergo peer review. The review intends to ensure that a pull request conforms to the following basic requirements.

- The code is correct.
- The results can be reproduced in a reasonable amount of time.
- The results are expected.
- The documentation describes the purpose, methods, results, input, output, and how to run the code.
- The code follows basic style guidelines.
- The code contains comments that explain non-obvious procedures.

Participants in this project should review pull requests, which can be done using [GitHub's review interface](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-reviews/ "GitHub: about pull request reviews"). Following are the basic guidelines for reviewing pull requests:

- Note the type of review you performed: did you look over the source code, did you look over the documentation, did you run the source code, did you look at and interpret the results or a combination of these?
- Suggest modifications or, potentially, directly suggest, _but do not commit changes to_, the pull request, so that the pull request conforms to the aforementioned basic requirements.

> - Explain in **detail** why the suggested modifications are **necessary**, and how the modifications should be implemented specifically, so that the developers are able to follow the suggestions without misunderstanding.

Reviewer: Oh I get it now - how about the following:
```suggestion
- Explain in **detail** why the suggested modifications are **necessary**, and how the modifications should be implemented specifically, so that the developers are able to follow the suggestions without misunderstanding.
- For any suggestions/comments that are related to the lines that were changed in the particular PR, make the comment underneath the code by clicking the "+" next to the code. Click "Start a review" for the first comment, and afterwards, click "Add single comment" to keep all comments within the same review. Click "Finish your review" once completed. 
- If there is any comments/suggestions that are **outside** of the code changes this particular PR, for example, any questions about the results, or any lines of code (although not changed) that seemed puzzling, mentioned them as comments after you click "Finish your review". 
```

Author: Thank you for the clear descriptions @runjin326 ! Sorry that I thought what you described at <https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/pull/73#discussion_r681241142> was in a more specific context.

I think maybe we could also use permalinks for this purpose, which is included in the following suggestion. I was wondering if it makes sense.

```suggestion
- Explain in **detail** why the suggested modifications are **necessary**, and how the modifications should be implemented specifically, so that the developers are able to follow the suggestions without misunderstanding.
- For any suggestions/comments that are related to the lines that were changed in the particular PR, make the comment underneath the code by clicking the "+" next to the code. Click "Start a review" for the first comment, and afterwards, click "Add single comment" to keep all comments within the same review. Click "Finish your review" once completed. 
- If there is any comments/suggestions that are **outside** of the code changes this particular PR, for example, any questions about the results, or any lines of code (although not changed) that seemed puzzling, mentioned them as comments after you click "Finish your review". The permalinks of the referenced results or code can be obtained by the following procedure: click the "Commits" tab of the pull request, browse the repository at a specific commit that contains the referenced results or code by clicking the `<>` button of the commit row, go to the referenced file in the repository to get file or line permalinks.
```

Reviewer: Hey Yuanchao @logstar, yes using the permalink would be a great idea!

> Participants in this project should review pull requests, which can be done using [GitHub's review interface](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-reviews/ "GitHub: about pull request reviews"). Following are the basic guidelines for reviewing pull requests:

Reviewer: I couldn't figure out how to comment on codes that are not changed but for the staggered PR part, maybe we should specify that we should push all results from the relevant scripts as well (if they are not in .gitignore)

Author: I agree that all results should also be pushed, if they are not in .gitignore.

I was wondering if you could clarify the case where you need to comment on codes that are not changed. Maybe add a paragraph as suggestion?

Reviewer: Oh sorry I meant for Github when we are reviewing the PR. I couldn't find a place to comment on lines that are not changed. For example, I wanted to comment on lines for the staggered PR but since they are not changed here, I couldn't figure out how to add comments specific to those lines - and hence I am adding comments in a less relevant place. That's what I meant haha

Author: No worries. Thank you for the clarification @runjin326 . I think I get it.

I have not encountered cases like this in my work yet, so I am not sure how to best handle these cases. 

Therefore, I was wondering if you could draft a paragraph as suggestion for the best practice of handling such cases.

Author: Resolved with commit <https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/pull/73/commits/f4932a805de9f597523509569f8318860f6b6fc7>
